craditor menithmentlysing at ... careettr wc the statutory first meeting of creditior was held under a receiving order made on july against mi probert bennett architect and surveyor describe as of cheapside ec mr e lase am heorus the senior official receiver presided the crassar reporter that it appeard from the deators statement that he beag to practise as an architect in b without capital at cheapside ec he had since had various oficless and in september inst removed to cheapside where he practised until about the date of the re ceriain order the debtor attritube his failure to loss on propertible and to law costs hie added that he had previously failed on two occasion namely in when he paid a composition through the medium of the court and in when a receiving order subsequently rescinded on payment of a composition was mond against him no statement of affair was field but draft accoust had been furnished showing labilition ... of which ... were returned as contingent and ... as unsecured while the assest were valued at ... nearly the wollo of that amount being however represented by equities of romemstion the debtor masked for an adjournment of the meeting to give him an opportunity of realizing his propertible with a view to the payment of the creditior in full but a resolution for banrituct vas passed and mr i j ward chartered accountant was appointed trustee to administer the estate a committee of inspection was also appointed and the bond to be given by the trustee as security was recommended at ... statutory first meeting of creditior vas also held under the failure of mir stanley newton vinger solicitor of redicerily old jewry ec against whom a receiving orderfas ... petition of the british mutual banking company limited mr want boylassions official receiver presided and reporter that although no statement of alfais had been field the debtor estimated his un secard labilition at ... in addition to which he said there were other labilition which might be fully secured his chief assest consisted of household furniture ... book dest ... estimated to realize ... and certain morgtaged leasehold pro trise upon which at present he could place no value at stamformalfwil and relentil it appeard that the debtor was admittde a solicitor in and immediately beag to practise at coutallysuling bc in he removed to irderesticy bc and from that date umtil practised in partnership he has since practised alone ani says that his business has been a considerable one his unsecured linglisted principally represent loans most of the moness having boon used in the purchase and development of the estates at meleligh and stamford bill ro debtor added that he has let large sumss to clinets and his failure is due to bad dest and to inability to realize his investment in the beforemention pro perties he stated that he was not at present in a posi tion to submit any offer of composition as no quorum vas present the meeting was adourden for a weekeh statutory first meeting of creditior was also beld in the case of mr gerald lon wheeler barristreat law of lodessave lincolngistly wc the receiving order was made on july mir boyl again presided a statement of affair was furnished bv the debtor showing labilite ... s d of which ... s d was expected to rank for dividend and net assest ... is d only the geniman reporter that according to the deators statement he was caued to the bar in and had since practised in the court of chancery published several works on law and had been engaged as a reporter some vears ago he beag to speculate on the stock exchange but in consequence of losse eventually gaue up doing so in however he resumedry his speculation and the bulk of his labitive were due to boress money lendless and members of his family his failure was due to losse by his speculation and to family litigation of the labilition ... were due to mrs wheeler g the debtor submitite no offer of composition and it was stated that ho had already consented to an order of ade discoitarn no resolution was passed and the estate remained in the official receiver hands as trustee for summary administration