advertiressment g weekly adexicolity mall and philosophite magazine containing coloin price d or in parts in a neat ornamental w per h pust fod sissing of o number price s vol i andril rice d he bead containing physiological observation and iperpiedinesly and sarigical cassedlain surgical veistee foreign and domestichede and general outliness of lecture by sir sastle cooper bart lecture on phernol galledralic biographyry of booksivious jentrics g casioned by the decease of john eahight il togtird v a ariety of intelligence connecested with the various hannescop the science of adlediate and a copious table of content sd illus tatted by portraits of mr john hunter and dr gallord plaste of the colluine autumanel and ... cacm paimed by descrip toins of the lantloushipe repesternly si surgical cassoverd generaing of an extridsirand come of ... sectionshis of be royalco eige of surgeos guisy hospital c embrrty et condeted ahed connecested view of the profession c for the last twelve tortror published by cox and son st thomsestased southeald of whom maybe handy odd number of the workat catch or parts at s ... ofa new series ofthe l time live seuver published this day a new weekly peytre cntastia o lumns of closely printed matter consistion of anatily ise amed copious extractst from the following new womk tr allausl character of the rusissan and a detailed history gof skww croerse reseraile in the south of ireland amed a prite nart rative of the rebellion in the voice of fast form the coin vento st joseph an exposure of prince r oh lo het h prose by a poteth star in the east and their poth world in ... says and observisoon original walks in london poetry cunivetiby intel ligence literary noticest larietiel celence teme tare of the sea at great detillssip temperature of ... corefing varieties literay and sendagd paris nistutetured or utopian confederstall ... corefing literature kim manuel polishopty and philosophical ... g n faiio teenkse touring swendesceles repertory for the us ... letter on ... bon descration of the statuse of canvotave drama frettstathe durlenge corentagred c price d or for its ... by post the afusest may be had stamped price ls published by john warren no brydgressien conetygarred and to be had of all bookslesel and newesvined in the ... splinds patent trusses without me tallic springs lesterfatenting and co betorinond the public that the following is from c everest of farngham kent adted september have to state for your astisfatintat the truss i liad from you about two years ago hasperelently cureat me and although subject to the nisot laborious exercise have far sonic time left it ofl much good resulted from enarisity at vistas i have further to add the one my father had askness vary well and there is no doubt of his beniun curded agawn aud co have suc ceeded in cases of the most difficult kind where persons have been affiledt from to years and they have lettsmer equadly gratify ing from surgeos and other gentlemen proving they can sleep ride and even hunt without inconvenience n b the secunty of the truss enabless agawn and co to offer a fair trial and wild retun the money if it does not ... and sorns of no bisshrater streetwigy wishing to accomplanmen the nobility and gentry and to allay those scruples which many express respection beasa grease have fatted one of the largest of those animal which they intend klingl on tuesday the th day of january inst any lady or gentrean wishing to have the raiese in its origial state may see it cut from the animal on the day specified add as long after as it will keep which of course insut depend entreally on the vature