the mantionsition war funthe total last nightil of the transvaal nvar fn w ... among the sumss received yesterday were contrioutine from the wesleyan lithledith churches seventh instamline per the ev f w alcoland presidents of the wesleyan conference ... is d making so far ... s d encornet at thornon inlons ile ... os d a p q p ... district grand lodge of liaghlis freenmasson balardous ... at rosser manitoba ... s d the lodge of union no ... s lady sympos procese of the isale of the late general bir nv penn sympnsism photrash explosion of messrs wv mt still ani thees ... s d malagn total of ... s wild and e w a ... hon secretary of the imperial war fond colonel tully bucklerfind ec reports that the number df cases of necessitus widhow mothers and other relative of noncommissioned officess and monen tangiag in the south african emapingm relieved up to gaurday last was ceckes had been forwarded ror the relief of widhow mothers fathers eight sisters whistle nine wive have been assisted prin cipally owing to their husbands having been erroneously reporter killed the amount dissureds to repersentative of noncommissioned officess and men up to last saut day was ... s exclusive of the officess wive and widhow branch during the current week about cases are being dealt with in connexion with the present campaign the imperial war fund has given away about ... more than it has received and would be glad of further subscription ball will be given at the whitelfowhable eolelt letoropse on may in aid of the fund for the sick and wounded of the nd battalion middlesex egiment duke of cambridgused st petersburg correspondent telgrash that a few days ago a crowded meeting of british resident the first of its kind in the russia capital was held in the schoolroom of the british and american chapel for the purpiose of expressing sympathy in a tangible form with the hereso of the war a particular feature was that it orginiegat among the irish memuter of the british colony headed hy sir capel wolesled who thus demon strated to the rusissan the fallacy of their favounter notion of irish diffacent it was also interesting by reason of the fact that the prituabe mover in the affair was the rev a francis the pastor of the chapel who was recently libeledle in a published statement accusing hiin of having publicly expressed sylyaphty with the berose sir charles and lady scott and several meninbes of the british embassy were present the room was decorated with union jack and a large portrait of lord uborest several mularo english and lish songas were snug including nolidire of the queen the absentminded beggar and tommy atkins and the whole meeting joined in singing the chorses with the greatest enthusiasm a eabence was finally passed ound and a collection made of about ... deke of norfolk has written the following letter supplemention a previous telmera to the rev father cleneite priest of st eiliberel roman catholic church at slough who had desired to accompany the duke to south africa my dear father clenent i am much touched tand impressed by your most kind and also most patrition wish we have done piglraige together and i wish we could go together now but it is quite inmpssible for me to arrange anything of the kind i have mynels only been ble to join this com pany at the last moment and i have nothing to do with its composition strictly speaking there wnos room ... me and as it is i shall pro bably not go out in the same ship there is therefore nothing i canthe executive of the building tradse gift to the nation announce a material increase in the list of con tribution towards the homes for discharged soldserie being erected at bisley under the princess christisa wheme during the month different first have made presents of materials or fittingshiply over ... has been brought together in money of these ... b was in the form of sixpecse and shillings collected by worken one firm alone sending in ... as a contribution of men among the presents in kind is au iron church ft long which will commondate the whole of the inmatess of the home this being a gift by messrs dixon and co the heating general equipment foundation c for this church wilve be provided by several other doonser to complete the scheme another ... in money is still required as well as several gifts kind for various department particularly in respect to the necessary timber jointery facing bricks and iron roof trusses contributively or inquirise should be addressed to the executive of the gift watelforplive pall fathef st aspay board of guardinis has received lettsmer from lady wite lady undery buller lady roberts and lady dunongal acknowleding contraditation en the relief of ladysmith lady lithe saud the good news end a time of most anxious suspense nd m deeply gratified by the syapthetic messages whice i have received lady audrey buller and lady roberts said that they would send the resoul tion to south africa lady dunondall worte i am quite sure lord dunondall will greatly appreciate as i do the extremely kind thought of the boardessmes george newhes limited are bringnif out a serile of capital portraits of our hereso of the south african war the first part which is just publikhed enonains a good selection ragning from the generals with whose features all are familiar down through a number of lessonmak military personalities undtide we come to the gallant gunner corporal nerose who on the vc at cloness the portraits are good enough to frame and form an interesting recordst tounas hospital governor of st thomass hospital has anonymously contribute ... towardsy defraying the heavy excenditure now being incurred in rograngind the several department of the hospital necessatite by the increase of the attinest from in s to wix