We should not -do justice ti Mr. BRbUGIfAlt and Ihis admirable speech yesterday, if we occupied mucli space in the description of his eloquence, or the enforcement of his arguments. We ought not to take to ourselves anv consi- derable portion of those columns which are due to his supe- rior claims. His address begani about half after 10 ; con- tinued, till past one, wlhen he begged some indulgence, which was, of course, granted; was resumed in about three quarters of an hour.; and continued till four, when, vithout any request on the part of the speaker, it was feelingly intimated that the cause, as well as the pleader, might suffer from the exhausted state of the lat- ter; -and an adjournmenit wat proposed by Lord GimY, and immediately agreed to byr fie House, much theni re- maining to be said. This is the historical outline of Mr. BROUGHANt'S speech on the first day assigned to the de- fence of the Queen of ENGLAND, on a charge of adultery. The causc is important; and yesterday's were really the first portion of the proceedings, wvlich appeared to possess a proportionate degree of consequence; for, tlei defence being commenced, the public may now probably expect to hear of a few witnesses whose station in life is such as might be expected in a process of this nature, We can, indeed, safely assert, that the history of civilized nations presents, up to the present time, no example of a person near her MAJ EsT Y's rank against whom an accusa- tion was sustained by none other than persons of thE lowestan(d most servile stations. A common indictmenl for shoplifting or passing Bank-notes in London would pro. duce evidence on both sides-both for the forger and the shoplitter, as well as for their, prosecutors-more decent and respectable than any which lhas been brought forward bythe ATTORNEY and SOLICITOi-GENeBAL against their Master's Royal Consort, though those learned Gentlemen had the means, if they had dared to use themn, of calling before the House -all. her MAJSESTY'; Eniglish.attendants. Our obser-vation is niarayrtv tonal: for an investigation of the evidence itself, its corniadietions, improbabilities, and impossibilities, we must reAer the public to the specch itself.The history of the QUEEN'S long persecution, and the several epochs ofit,were affectingly detailed byMr.BnouG H- AM. Every loss sustained by the QUE' wasthe signal for a fresh attack on the part of her adversatles. No sooner was Mr. PITT, her fxiend, deccased, than the first, the Douglas conspiracy, was got up against her MAJESTY. The zealous, fearless, and pertinacious PERCI:VAL, sprung forth in her defence, and dispersed that foul plot. He fell under the hands of a ferocious assassin, and his murder was the sig- nal for a new insult upon his Royal Mistress: then was the order of Council got to restrain the intercourse between her MAJESTY and her most affectionate and only clild--her daughter. That chil( expirced by-the severest visitation of PROVIDENcE wlhich had ever been inflictd on this island: andl thc people had not wiped their eyes after following her to her grave, or reading the affecting narrative of her obse- quies, when the detestable Milan commission was appointedl: and, tO close this sad history, the very day on which the good old KING was consigned to the same vault with his grandchild and her infant offspring-that very dav, we say, was that on which the ever-memorable Non-R6iCordo man arrived and paid his first visit to "a large house, with columns before it, and sentinels placed at the gates."We must here leave this painful subject, and turn to one of a more grateful natuye-the procession up the River. anid Address of the Watermen of the river Tlhames to theQUEEN, at Brandeib-urgh-house. We recollect, and so mnay some of our readers, to have seen the grand, but solemn, aquatic procession, when the remains of the gallant NELSON were conveyed from Greenwich up the River. Those wVho do remember that spectacle may assure themselves, that as much as the face of the River exceeded its ordinary ap- pearance in splendour and magnificence on that day, by so much ditt the brilliancy of yesterday's scene predominate over the Nelsonic procession. The vessels began to move about the time that Mr. BRoUGHA31 began his speech; anid during the exordiurn..the guns were heard firing under the walls of the Parliamnent-house. We have occasion to say no inore here; we refer the public to the detached account of the procession in another part.