CORRESPOQNDECjz. R bilAT'VE TO MR. fA.RR?ITTINo. 1.LEtT tEfl rtoIx mR. MARIETTI THE ELDER, TO HIS SON INLONDON.AMilan, Sept. 16.Dearest Son,_1 have received and read your letter of the 3d inst. Relatively to the threats conveyed to iie by Mlr. Brown, I must re- peat to you once more the same observations I then made-that it is expedient to cat short with the great (tagqiar corto coi granzde). T'hey are always in the right. You have taken up the mattcr with much heat; in the main you are right, I feel that yoa are so, but you have carried it too far. It is true that Brown has expressly and repeatedly insisted with MIr. Albertonio that he slhould make known to you the dissatisfaction in that quarter towards you, and the danger of the Alien Bill which you were going to encounter. But, nevertheless, follow the judg- ment of yoer father, who knows by experience what is most expe- dient, and for the best, in similar cases. Abandon the object, and allow the couitsoversy thus to terminate, since, by persons of mean condition or inferiorrank, as you and I are, it is sufficiently well ter- minated by what has been already done. This instant a courier has arrived with letters ef the th, and by the paragraph relative ta Milan yotu imay see how completely what Brown said here has been verified. You treated and spoke with the person alluded to, believ- ing him quite a different character. I will speak with Peter at his return, as I have to-day spoken with Sperati; but whatever happens, what you said is right, that you, Peter, and Sperati, are well known, for persons of sense and claracter, and very different from that good for-nothing individual (qtel poco di bzono.) But the conclus-on is, to keep every thing silent, and to prevent all publicity.I salute youI, your affectionate Father.No. 2.LETTErt FROr MXR. 3ARIETTI THE ELDER, TO COL. BROWNMilan, Sept. 19.Most worthy Colonel,_I understood, with great concern, that your namehas been compromised in a subject of conversation, which was supposed to have taken place between you and me rela-| tive to my son Joseph, at present in London. I think it there- fore a duty to declare, as I now declare upon my honour, that no conversation ever passed between you and me, directly on this subject. If thie expressions contained in a letter written by me to my son are somewhat strong, that must be ascribed to the affection wvhich a lively interest in him created, and a conformity to the advice I have alwaYs given him-advice tending to manifest the necessity of adhering to the system adopted by me, never to mix in affairs fo- reign to one's own basiness. It grieves me exceedingly that an in- terpretation has been given to my letter opposite to my irtentions-an interpretation which sutpplies materials to discussions irrelevant and ill founded. .Uy displeasure in this case increases at seeing that a similar interpretation has caused doubts regarding the good faith of an individual whose distinguislhed and honourable character is known to me by long experience.I consider you, moreover, incapable of making use of the threats which are attributed to you, as the British government is of exe- cuting them. In taking this mode of stating tp you the sentiments Witli which I amanimated in the present emergency, I experience thesweet satisfaction of fulfilling a duty which is incumbent upon me, and I take the opportunity of assuring you of my perfect esteem. -No. 3.LETTER TROX 311L ALBERTONIO TO COLONEL EROWN.Atilan, Sep. 19.dl. Colonel,-It is with regret proportioned to the respect which I bear you that I learn that the sense of a letter written by Al. larietti to lhis son, has been so ill understood as to have imputed to you the communication of anA intention on the part of the British Government to watch over the latter, and to send him out of England on account of his relations with2 Sac- chini, a witness in the case of the Queen. I remember that you said to me, one morning that I was present withi you on busi- ness, that you had received a letter from England, stating the inter- ference of Joseph Marietti itl this affair, and that you could not but regard such conduct as a little unwise, and foreign to his occupation in London. I cannot at the same titne forget that I regarded this communication as a simple opinion emanating from yourself,and very far from the expression of authority or of menace. As regards wvhat is said on the Alien Bill, of the peovisions of which I am ignorant, itis adatyI owe to your character, always frank aind loyal in all re- spects, to say that you never gave ine the least reason to fear for the personal security or the protection of the said Joseph Marietti.I Can ade that I thought it my duty to beg dl. dIarietti the father, to write to his son to advise himi not to mix in an affair so foreign from his occupations, hut to restrict himself to the wise and moderate conduct which has always distinguished him; and if in wvriting to him his father has made use of strong expressions, they ought in no wise to be ascribed to you, Colorel Brown, but solely to the confidence and paternal afrection which dictated them.No. 4.LETTER FRObM 'MR. 3ARIETTI THE ELDER TO SIS SON INLONDON, (NOT READ YESTERDAY BY LORD LIVERPOOL IN PARLIAMENT.)1\ilan, Sept. 2Q.Dearest Son,-Iani ever the more confirmed in my maxim that it is riglt to have as little as possible to do with the great. I must say that the government in question has too strictly inter- preted the letter I wrote you, and which has presented to the minister of police other motives than those which really origi- nated it, since it is right to tell you that the English government has written an angry letter to Colonel Brown. He (Colonel Brown), feeling h.mself much disquieted on this account, made such an ap- plication to Sig. D. Ciceri, and to Sig. Albertonio, that the farmer begged me to convey to the said Colonel Brown a letter of mine, which in a certain way( in ccrto qual inodo),might justify him with his government from the tog rigorous interpretation given to mny former letter. And after having written and re-vritten, through the mc- diu,p of the said Signor Ciceri, draughts of such a letter to be shown, tihe opy which I enclose to your address wasfixed upon. You will like- wise jind the copy of a letter which the said Col. Brown desired from the saigSignor-Albertonio,who gave me the accoant conta-ned in the letters formerly addressed to you. To the honour of truth I have re- garded whbatCol.Brown said through the medium ofSigaorAlbertonio as an act of friendship,topreventhim from being brought into any dan- ger.Nor could I ever have imagined that suclia thing could havebeen of as much importance as it has proved. However that be, to facilitate the allaying of such a controversy, and to preserve amity with all, I have thought proper to second it, as you will perceive by the copy. They wislhed me to declare that my firstletter was the result of my own simple suspicion, and bad no giound to rest upon; lout this I would not allow, because the having-named Colonel Brown in the way I did would have been charged on me as a calumnious imputa- tion; and therefore yoe will see in my letter sent yesterday to him (Col. Brown) that I mention my not having direct conversation with him, and derive my information from what he caused to besaid to me by Sig. Albertonio. Regulate yourself therefore in every thing with the greatest prudence, in order not to incur other annoyances and other dissatisfactions, which can only produce evil to you._ _ Your affectionate Father.