CORRESPONDENCE RELATIVE TO MR. MARIETTI. No. 1. LETTER FROM MR. MARIETTI THE ELDER, TO HIS SON IN LONDON, Milan Sept. 16. Dearest Son, - I have received and read your letter of the 3d inst. Relatively to the threats conveyed to me by Mr. Brown, I must repeat to you once more the same observations I then made - that it is expedient to cut short with the great (tagliar corto coi grande). They are always in the right. You have taken up the matter with much heat; in the main you are right, I feel that you are so, but you have carried it too far. It is true that Brown has expressly and repeatedly insisted with Mr. Albertonio that he should make known to you the dissatisfaction in that quarter towards you, and the danger of the Alien Bill which you were going to encounter. But, nevertheless, follow the judgement of your father, who knows by experience what is most expedient, and for the best, in similar cases. Abandon the object, and allow the controversy thus to terminate, since, by persons of mean condition or inferior rank, as you and I are, it is sufficiently well terminated by what has been already done. This instant a courier has arrived with letters of the 5th, and by the paragraph relative to Milan you may see how completely what Brown said here has been verified. You treated and spoke with the person alluded to, believing him quite a different character. I will speak with Peter at his return, as I have today spoken with Sperati; but whatever happens, what you said is right, that you, Peter, and Sperati, are well known, for persons of sense and character, and very different from that good for-nothing individual (quel poco di buono.) But the conclusion is to keep every thing silent, and to prevent all publicity. I salute you, your affectionate Father. No. 2. LETTER FROM MR. MARIETTI THE ELDER, TO COL. BROWN Milan, Sept. 19. Most worthy Colonel, - I understood, with great concern, that your name has been compromised in a subject of conversation, which was supposed to have taken place between you and me relative to my son Joseph, at present in London. I think it therefore a duty to declare, as I now declare upon my honor, that no conversation ever passed between you and me, directly on this subject. If the expressions contained in a letter written by me to my son are somewhat strong, that must be ascribed to the affection which a lively interest in him created, and a conformity to the advice I have always given him - advice tending to manifest the necessity of adhering to the system adopted by me, never to mix in affairs foreign to one's own business. It grieves me exceedingly that an interpretation which supplies materials to discussions irrelevant and ill founded. My displeasure in this case increases at seeing that a similar interpretation has caused doubts regarding the good faith of an individual whose distinguished and honourable character is known to me by long experience. I consider you, moreover, incapable of making use of the threats which are attributed to you, as the British government is of executing them. In taking this mode of stating to you the sentiments with which I am animated in the present emergency, I experience the sweet satisfaction of fulfilling a duty which is incumbent upon me, and I take the opportunity of assuring you of my perfect esteem. No. 3. LETTER FROM MR. ALBERTONIO TO COLONEL BROWN. Milan, Sep. 19. M. Colonel, - It is with regret proportioned to the respect which I bear you that I learn that the sense of a letter written by M. Marietti to his son, has been so ill understood as to have imputed to you the communication of an intention on the part of the British Government to watch over the latter, and to send him out of England on account of his relations with Sacchini, a witness in the case of the Queen. I remember that you said to me, one morning that I was present with you on business, that you had received a letter from England, stating the interference of Joseph Marietti in this affair, and that you could not but regard such conduct as a little unwise, and foreign to his occupation in London. I cannot at the same time foeget that I regarded this communication as a simple opinion emanating from yourself, and very far from the expression of authority or of menace. As regards what is said on the Alien Bill, of the provisions of which I am ignorant, it is a duty I owe to your character, always frank and loyal in all respects, to say that you never gave me the least reason to fear for the personal security or the protection of the said Joseph Marietti. I can add that I thought it my duty to beg M. Marietti the father, to write to his son to advise him not to mix in an affair so foreign from his occupations, but to restrict himself to the wise and moderate conduct which has always distinguished him; and if in writing to him his father has made use of strong expressions, they ought in no wise to be ascribed to you, Colonel Brown, but solely to the confidence and paternal affection which dictated them. No. 4. LETTER FROM MR. MARIETTI THE ELDER TO HIS SON IN LONDON, (NOT READ YESTERDAY BY LORD LIVERPOOL IN PARLIAMENT.) Milan, Sept. 20. Dearest Son, - I am ever the more confirmed in my maxim that it is right to have as little as possible to do with the great. I must say that the government in question has too strictly interpreted the letter I wrote you, and which has presented to the minister of police other motives than those which really originated it, since it is right to tell you that the English government has written an angry letter to Colonel Brown. He (Colonel Brown), feeling himself much disquieted on this account, made such an application to Sig. D. Ciceri, and to Sig. Albertonio, that the former begged me to convey to the said Colonel Brown a letter of mine, which in a certain way (in certo qual modo), might justify him with his government from the too rigorous interpretation given to my former letter. And after having written and re-written, through the medium of the said Signor Ciceri, draughts of such a letter to be shown, the copy which I enclose to your address was fixed upon. You will likewise find the copy of a letter which the said Col. Brown desired from the said Signor Albertonio, who gave me the account contained in the letters formerly addressed to you. To the honour of truth I have regarded what Col. Brown said through the medium of Signor Albertonio as an act of friendship, to prevent him from being brought into any danger. Nor could I ever have imagined that such a thing could have been of as much importance as it has proved. However that be, to faciliate the allaying of such a controversy, and to preserve amity with all, I have thought proper to second it, as you will perceive by the copy. They wished me to declare that my first letter was the result of my own simple suspicion, and had no ground to rest upon; but this I would not allow, because the having named Colonel Brown in the way I did would have been charged on me as a calumnious imputation; and therefore you will see in my letter sent yesterday to him (Col. Brown) that I mention my not having direct conversation with him, and derive my information from what he caused to be said to me by Sig. Albertonio. Regulate yourself therefore in every thing with the greatest prudence, in order not to incur other annoyances and other dissatisfactions, which can only produce evil to you. Your affectionate Father.