BRIGHTON, Oct. 2 - The King left this place today for his Cottage at Windsor. His Majesty had not quitted the Pavilion since his arrival from Portsmouth; but this day, on coming out in his way to town, he reviewed the 85th regiment of foot. Before quitting the yacht, a certificate was given to Sir Edmund Nagle, for the sake of his wager with Lord Yarmouth, that the King had sailed 94 leagues. On Saturday the Duke and Duchess De Cazes had a view of the Pavilion, an exception having been made from the established rule, of not showing it while his Majesty is here, in favour of his Excellency. After their visit they returned to Worthing. - Evening paper. Yesterday morning the Countess Oldi, Colonel Oliveria, and ten or eleven other persons, above the middling class of life, arrived at Dover, from Boulogne, to give evidence in favour of the Queen. The death of Mr. Nelson, the Secretary of the Navy Board, was but slightly mentioned in this and other journals. If it is not in the power of the daily press to confer permanent fame, it ought at least to notice public losses, and make the existing generation acquainted with those talents and virtues which have been dedicated to its advantage. There never was a more zealous and upright servant of his King and country, and of that service upon which the security of the throne and the grandeur of the country rest, than Mr. Nelson. In him every man in the navy, whose situation, or the accidents of whose life, might reduce him to need assistance, has lost a friend. No station connected with that service was below his attention; and the motives for kindness were but increased by the distress of the object. It was on Sunday, the 17th of last month, that he fell down suddenly in a fit of apoplexy, at North-Corner, Plymouth-dock, where he was on a visit: he was immediately conveyed to a small house on the Quay. Medical aid was no less instantly applied, but in vain; he lingered till Tuesday, the 19th - not unconscious, it is hoped, of the sympathy and attentions of those by whom he was surrounded, but without the power of returning them thanks. He then expired at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, without a sigh or groan. Mr. Nelson had been in the Navy-office nearly 36 years, during 24 of which he had filled the station of Secretary. On Saturday evening, Wm. Fielding, Esq., the senior Magistrate at the Police-office, Queen-square, departed this life, at his house, where he had been confined for several weeks past in consequence of a severe attack of the dropsy. Mr. Fielding had been Police Magistrate for about 12 years, and was about 80 years of age. He was the eldest son of Henry Fielding, the celebrated novelist.