We should not do justice to Mr. Brougham and his admirable speech yesterday, if we occupied much space in the description of his eloquence, or the enforcement of his arguments. We ought not to take to ourselves any considerable portion of those columns which are due to his superior claims. His address began about half after 10; continued till past one, when he begged some indulgence, which was, of course, granted; was resumed in about three quarters of an hour; and continued till four, when, without any request on the part of the speaker, it was feelingly intimated that the cause, as well as the pleader, might suffer from the exhausted state of the latter; and an adjournment was proposed by Lord Grey, and immediately agreed to by the House, much then remaining to be said. This is the historical outline of Mr. Brougham's speech on the first day assigned to the defence of the Queen of England, on a charge of adultery. The cause is important; and yesterday's were really the first portion of the proceedings, which appeared to possess a proportionate degree of consequence; for, the defence being commenced, the public may now properly expect to hear of a few witnesses whose station in life is such as might be expected in a process of this nature. We can, indeed, safely assert, that the history of civilized nations presents, up to the present time, no example of a person near her Majesty's rank against whom an accusation was sustained by none other than persons of the lowest and most servile stations. A common indictment for shoplifting or passing Bank-notes in London would produce evidence on both sides - both for the forger and the shoplifter, as well as for their prosecutors - more decent and respectable than any which has been brought forward by the Attorney and Solicitor-General against their Master's Royal Consort, though those learned Gentlemen had the means, if they had dared to use them, of calling before the House all her Majesty's English attendants. Our observation is merely personal: for an investigation of the evidence itself, its contradictions, improbabilities, and impossibilities, we must refer the public to the speech itself. The history of the Queen's long persecution, and the several epochs of it, were affectingly detailed by Mr. Brougham. Every loss sustained by the Queen was the signal for a fresh attack on the part of her adversaries. No sooner was Mr. Pitt, her friend, deceased, than the first, the Douglas conspiracy, was got up against her Majesty. The zealous, fearless, and pertinacious Perceval, sprung forth in her defence, and dispersed that foul plot. He fell under the hands of a ferocious assassin, and his murder was the signal for a new insult upon his Royal Mistress: then was the order of Council got to restrain the intercourse between her Majesty and her most affectionate and only child - her daughter. That child expired by the severest visitation of Providence which had ever been inflicted on this island: and the people had not wiped their eyes after following her to her grave, or reading the affecting narrative of her obsequies, when the detestable Milan commission was appointed: and, to close this sad history, the very day on which the good old King was consigned to the same vault with his grandchild and her infant offspring - that very day, we say, was that on which the ever-memorable Non-Ricordo man arrived and paid his first visit to "a large house, with columns before it, and sentinels placed at the gates." We must here leave this painful subject, and turn to one of a more grateful nature - the procession up the River, and Address of the Watermen of the river Thames to the Queen, at Brandenburgh-house. We recollect, and so may some of our readers, to have seen the grand, but solemn, aquatic procession, when the remains of the gallant Nelson were conveyed from Greenwich up the River. Those who do remember that spectacle may assure themselves, that as much as the face of the River exceeded its ordinary appearance in splendour and magnificence on that day, by so much did the brilliancy of yesterday's scene predominate over the Nelsonic procession. The vessels began to move about the time that Mr. Brougham began his speech; and during the exordium, the guns were heard firing under the walls of the Parliament-house. We have occasion to say no more here; we refer the public to the detached account of the procession in another part.